也许不能:分析结果提示激素疗法在维持去脂体重方面作用很小.

Muscle atrophy associated with aging is an important predictor of decreased mobility.

研究者确定了12项评估去脂体重变化情况的绝经期激素疗法随机试验.

The mean age of the 4,474 participants was 58 years, with a mean follow-up time of 2 years.

强化老年人出院时的血压控制方案与再入院和严重不良事件增加相关.

During hospitalization, patients often experience temporary blood pressure elevation, leading physicians to adjust their outpatient antihypertensive regimen at discharge.

No studies have evaluated whether this practice can improve patient outcomes.

At 1 year, the average systolic blood pressure and incidence of cardiac adverse events were similar between the two groups.

Among patients who received an intensified antihypertensive regimen at discharge, more than half had good outpatient blood pressure control prior to hospitalization.

This study highlights a common clinical condition among hospitalized patients.

Clinicians often feel compelled to act on elevated blood pressure readings in hospitalized patients, but the findings of this study suggest we should not do so.

Overall, the most prudent and safe strategy is to communicate this issue with the patient's primary care physician and ensure close outpatient follow-up.

If guidelines could be developed for asymptomatic blood pressure elevation in hospitalized patients, it would be very helpful.

应用transient elastography,且基于风险的case-finding method是识别clinically significant liver disease患者的可行方案.

In the diagnosis and treatment of liver diseases, a recent focus has been on how to identify individuals at increased risk of clinically significant liver disease in primary care settings.

Many studies have developed risk stratification guidelines, but few of them have applied these to populations in primary care settings.

In this prospective study, researchers recruited patients from a family doctor clinic in central England.

This study included adults with one or more risk factors for chronic liver disease (obesity, type 2 diabetes, and hazardous drinking), treating them as a subpopulation within the overall population of primary care settings.

The patient underwent transient elastography (TE), and an imaging reading of ≥8 kilopascal was defined as significant liver disease.

Among the 576 patients included in this study, 533 (93%) had reliable TE measurements.

Examination revealed that 12% of patients had significant liver disease, with obesity being the sole risk factor in nearly one-third of these cases.

In this high-risk primary care population, nearly 15% of patients have significant liver disease.